if you really want to do this
let's take in an older kid who no one
else in the whole damn world is gonna
help
i don't care what dress size you wear
you're not good enough honey it wasn't
about my
weight it's about my lack of ability
which is fantastic
cause i can do this manny say what
casey it's not your fault the show is so
bad it's you guys
i quit worry i have been drunk for
weeks and i need to get a handle on it
before i can walk back into that house
if you have a problem
we will fix it together can you do that
what are you doing if i can find people
who roll their tongue it could be my
birth parents
hello hey kevin uh it's ron howard
calling um i'm prepping a movie right
now that i'm gonna direct
you would be perfect i would
you know we have to tell the girls right
we're gonna foster a kid bring another
child into the home
they need to know about it what if we
get a kid that has serious issues that
we're not prepared for
i'm worried you know you never really
talk about your dad's death
[Music]
we have to find kev you need to hear
from me
handyman with triplets he's a
construction foreman and he does very
well for himself
not well enough he cannot support
three children let's do one for your
father
ah those are mine in the
what's the matter you're okay
everybody's okay no everything is
it is it always like this it's worse
when there's a lot going on
so is it still there it's still there
congratulations you're officially six
weeks alone
one of the things that helps me when i'm
feeling stressed though is running she
told you what i said
i've been working my ass off and i am
finally on the brink of something
special and i will be damned if i let
this stupid knee destroy another one of
my dreams
my life before i met you back wasn't
great i just tried to get away from
my father he pushed a stranger on me
and that stranger became my child and
that child
became my life deja your mom might not
be coming back for a while
me yes she will
[Music]
why did you choose to get drunk you
embarrassed me in front of my friends
pregnant
oh that's wonderful oh i'm not happy i'm
ecstatic
i'm a quiver i want to put on my happy
song and i'm going to be all
because this might not happen in fact it
probably won't
happen i wasn't good at football tokyo
was great
[Music]
listen i was hoping we could get one
more refill on the prescription but i
don't know why it's that big of a deal
our dad died and it's very sad you never
talk about it well you know because i
don't want to wallow in sadness about it
i have a problem between wallowing and
actually having a normal conversation
about it
what i'm 37 and because of my weight you
know
you don't want to jinx things it's not
about jinxing
[Music]
this is about hope that it doesn't turn
disastrous kevin
you're you're spiraling what's going on
this isn't you
when i dream of our future together
[Music]
sophie it's a nightmare
i need to tell you something it's okay i
already know
kate lost a baby apparently there was a
mix-up
her visit wasn't cleared but so she's
not coming
i just need somebody to help me it's
need help pleasing
days is the one good thing i've done and
the second i get out of here i'm coming
back for her
you're gonna have to go through me i've
been through worse
uncle kevin slow down uh oh you two what
put your seat belt on what are you doing
here
i married my best friend's wife i've
been on the outside of this family since
i entered it all your children you love
equality
i'm sure that you do just admit that you
love randall moore's perfect easier
i want to buy this building with you
beth
[Music]
kevin's in rehab i let kevin get sent to
rehab
you need structure you need a healthy
routine you're right
it's exactly why i know where i need to
be
i think i don't want to try and start
the business again
big three homes no no jack kevin's not
here he was with sophie last night
my foster dad helped me with that hey
he went back in for the dog they dropped
the charges i'm here for my daughter
[Music]
i'm gonna miss her me too
you took in a tremendous amount of smoke
must really love that dog
i really love the girl that loves the
dog
hello
your husband went into cardiac arrest
mrs pierson your husband has died
plus you know what i thought of the
first time i heard your name
i thought of the expression deja vu
because you remind me
a little of myself when i was younger my
dad's tree
came to have a talk with him you know
mom you were really strong for us when
it happened
i can't even imagine what that must have
been like for you just want to make sure
that you're safe and you're well taken
care of
we're making it work if seeing you is
giving me that sweet sweet deja vu
feeling
i think that means it's gonna happen for
you too
i failed deja no you didn't no i failed
her
and i can't keep failing her
[Music]
i gotta go
and i can't take her with me
no it's not doing this whole big wedding
thing without your dad's gonna be hard
and we're here at the family cabin
which is probably bringing up a lot of
memories please don't run away bride me
toby i feel like the moment she heard
her mom
say to the judge that she wanted to
terminate all parental rights
something switched in her beth is my
cousin but the girls like to call me
their aunt
cause beth she's like sister to me cause
her mom raised me
dumped me in their house when i was
seven or eight
i said she'd be back in a few weeks each
other um
your mother and i we need you to know
that we have concerns
about kate now you're gonna marry this
new woman who
clearly has issues you can't fix and
we're worried that you're headed down
the same path
oh sweetie you were severely depressed
for a very long time
listen i think you need to hear this
kate
is not like josie all right she would
never hurt me
she cares about me i don't know why toby
hasn't
been in the dreams i'm having
but i do know that he is the perfect guy
for me though
[Music]
it seemed like you were having a moment
so you did it
i did mom i know that our stuff
can be complicated sometimes
i want to be a singer like you i want to
be a mom like you
i want to have a marriage like yours
you're going to meet someone
who's better than me he's
gonna be stronger and handsomer
that's the guy you're gonna marry oh he
is
one lucky guy a guy that gets to marry
you
kitty girl you two are the spinning
image of your mother
but you you look just like your father
she said kevin if you don't allow
yourself to
to grieve dad's death it'll be like
taking a giant breath
in and just holding it there it's
important that we do that that we just
let go of those things we've been
holding on to
so so here we go
because nobody knows where we'll be
[Music]
not even a year from now hello folks i
will be landing vietnam
shortly where it's at balmy 85 degrees
i just spoke to the doctor i want you to
come in tomorrow
talk about adjusting your meds
choosing our people is the closest we
come to controlling
our destiny if you choose right
your people will stay the same 10 years
from now
[Music]
it's time to go see a test
i'm not ready
me neither when i look at you i know in
my bones that in
choosing each other you have chosen
perfectly hey toby
i liked your toast i've um
always been a sucker for a good toast
thank you
you